hi everyone today I will make a popular
summer kimchi young radish kimchi
the kimchi all by itself is very
delicious to eat with rice however it is
also very useful in other dishes such as
in peeping pop and noodle dishes once it
becomes well fermented obtain about 1
and 1/2 pounds of young radish remove
any bad parts and wash them several
times cut them in to about 1 and 1/2
inch in length spread out a hand throw
across the bottom of a big mixing bowl
evenly sprinkle some coarse sea salt on
top repeat this process until there is
no more remaining radish I used about 1
cup of sea salt let it aside for about
an hour
meanwhile make some broth for the kimchi
add 4 cups of water 1 dried anchovy pack
6 pieces of kelp and 1 dried shitake
mushrooms once the broth start the boil
cook for about 5 minutes and then remove
the cap then cook for another 5 minutes
on medium high
discard the entropy pack and mushroom
let it cool down pour 1 cup of the broth
or water in a saucepan and add 1
tablespoon of sweet rice flour stir
until the flour completely dissolves in
the broth
cook on medium keep stirring it when the
rice flour mixture starts bubbling and
thickens it is done let it cool while
you're preparing the other ingredients
flip the learish pieces over a couple
times but not too often so that they
will get sorted evenly for better flavor
and texture you have to handle them very
gently after salting the lettuce for
about an hour a liquid will start to
foam gently rinse the radish twice and
then drain chop the veggie ingredients
combine the cooled rice flour mixture
and all the ingredients for the sauce
mix everything together add the drain
the lettuce and chop the veggies into
the sauce
mix everything gently cutter container
glass jar
or about one cup of the Prada you saved
or water inside close the lid but leave
it on loose leave it out at room
temperature overnight then store it in
the refrigerator you will take one or
two weeks before it is well fermented
looks delicious and I cannot wait with
some of this in my peeping pup and
Pippin cooks ooh try some day
thank you for watching - use no game bye